So now, let's look at the solution to calculate targets.
So we created the pipeline.
Here's the example where we're adding one target,
which is converting the returns into 2-quantiles and adding to the pipeline.
So here we're going to do something quite similar.
We're going to create the returns.
The window length is five trading days for one week as before.
Set the mask to our defined universe,
and use the quantiles function.
This time we want to choose 5-quantiles.
We can go ahead and add that to the pipeline that we created, pipeline target.
We're adding this quantized returns object.
Return five day, 5-quantiles,
and then I'll just give the column name the same name.
Then, we already have code here that will run the pipeline and put the data into
this dataframe. All right.
So you can see now we have two columns,
five-day, 2-quantile and five-day, 5-quantile.
Great. Thanks for watching.
You can also check out the solution notebook as well. Thanks.